On the icy, southern edge of the Atlantic Ocean, just above the Antarctic circle, is a British island, a ghost town, and a museum.
The island is a tough place to work. The nearest airport is a four-day boat ride away. Fresh food is rare, the internet is "poor to non-existent" and, at times, the wind is strong enough to tip over helicopters.
There are no permanent residents on South Georgia, just 20 or so workers, from scientists to maintenance staff. But despite the remoteness, and the pandemic, its museum has reopened to visitors.
It's not easy running a museum at the end of the world. But this - from week-long commutes to imports of frozen cheese - is how they do it.
With no native population, the South Georgia museum staff must come from abroad when it opens for the southern hemisphere summer. Most, but not all, come from the UK - around 8,000 miles north.
That journey normally begins with an 18-hour RAF flight from Brize Norton in Oxfordshire to the Falkland Islands, with a two-hour stop in Cape Verde off the coast of Africa. From the Falklands, workers hitch a lift on a fishing patrol boat, with the 1,000-mile journey taking between four and six days.
"If it goes well, it's a week's commute from the UK," says Sarah Lurcock, director of the South Georgia Heritage Trust. But it does not always go well.
"I have been on the boat [leaving the island] when it suddenly went off in pursuit of a suspected poacher. I missed a family holiday, because it was three weeks before I got home."
The other way workers reach South Georgia is via cruise ship - usually via Ushuaia on the southern tip of Argentina - and it is those ships that bring visitors to the museum.
Pre-Covid, there would be around 100 ships every summer, bringing 10,000 visitors to South Georgia - almost all visiting the free-of-charge museum. Then in March 2020, Covid-19 rushed across the world, and the South Georgian government - based in the Falkland Islands - asked the museum team to leave. There was not much time to pack.
"We literally couldn't remember if we had left paint pots and ladders out in the middle of the museum," says Sarah.
The 2020-21 season was cancelled, and it was thought this season would be, too. But, in November, they were told they could reopen, with two weeks to find a team and hitch a ride on the boat. Doors opened in December.
Normally, five or six staff spend the season at the museum, but this year it was three, plus an artist working on a project. One of them was Jayne Pierce, museum curator, who has recently returned to the UK.
"Already I want to go back - it is infectious and addictive," she says. "The sights, the sounds and the smells are overwhelming."